Cloud - Release 2026 02 02 - Fill in release notes (#5840)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/dataminer_services_change_log_2026.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

### 2 February 2026 - New feature - Admin - Billing page

The billing page introduces a dedicated space for organization owners and admins to monitor and manage their organization’s spending.

> It provides access to credit history, monthly bills, and subscription management, including any available discounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Admin app, a new *Billing* page is now available, which will serve as a dedicated space for organization owners and admins to monitor and manage their organization’s spending. The page provides access to credit history, monthly bills, and subscription management, including any available discounts.
```
